Sandra, a barber, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a medic haberdasher. 
Just like their friend Mitch. That way, their life could be complete.

Mitch, a butler, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a potion maker butler. 
Just like their friend Bob. That way, their life could be complete.

Duncan, a barber, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a candlestick maker pirate. 
Just like their friend Bob. That way, their life could be complete.

Mitch, a medic, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a pirate pirate. 
Just like their friend Stewie. That way, their life could be complete.

Carrie, a butler, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a candlestick maker haberdasher. 
Just like their friend Stewie. That way, their life could be complete.

Greg, a butler, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a candlestick maker court jester. 
Just like their friend Sally. That way, their life could be complete.

Alexia, a court jester, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a banker pirate. 
Just like their friend Bob. That way, their life could be complete.

Sandra, a potion maker, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a butler haberdasher. 
Just like their friend Carrie. That way, their life could be complete.

Bob, a haberdasher, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a medic court jester. 
Just like their friend Alexia. That way, their life could be complete.

Duncan, a potion maker, was always expecting this to happen. 
But they never wanted this job, they wanted to be a court jester potion maker. 
Just like their friend Alexia. That way, their life could be complete.